HYPER-C

HyperC is a HyperTalk-to-C compiler. It generates (admittedly not very pretty)
C++ code that is equivalent to a HyperTalk script entered. Optionally, it will
run the code through the GCC compiler and generate a command-line executable
from it.

To use this, make sure the HyperC_StdLib.h and HyperC_StdLib.cpp files are in
the same folder as the HyperC program. Then call it from the command line with:

	/Path/To/HyperC -C sourcecode.hc

(Where sourcecode.hc would be the name of the file containing the HyperTalk
script you want to compile) This will generate a hyperc_out.c and hyperc_out.h
file pair with the C source code for your script. To immediately compile the
code into an application, just write:

	/Path/To/HyperC sourcecode.hc

Which will generate a command line executable named hyperc_out. If you want to
use Objective C objects (e.g. Cocoa) in your application, you have to also
have the frameworkheaders.hhc file in HyperC's directory.

If you want to use other frameworks besides the standard Cocoa one, make sure
you include them explicitly by specifying the

	-framework AddressBook

option (where AddressBook would be replaced with the name of the framework you
want to use). You may also have to check whether the frameworkheaders.hhc file
has been built for this framework, otherwise you may need to rebuild it using
the headerimport.php script.

HyperC also forwards some GCC Flags to the compiler, e.g.:

	-bundle_loader blah
	-bundle
	-dylib
	-lBlah

and of course -framework. If you're building a dylib or bundle, you will also
have to make sure HyperC uses the appropriate template to generate the desired
main entry point and maybe include customised versions of certain commands. You
can do that via the -template option. Templates have to be stored in the
hyperc_templates folder next to the HyperC application. Just specify the name
of one of the folders that contains the desired template. The default template
is the "tool" template, which you could explicitly specify by passing the

	-template tool
	
option. If you want to create a SuperCard bundle XCMD as the BundleBridge XCMD
calls them, use the option

	-template bundlebridge
	
you get the idea.